HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json
Date: Thu, 25 Sep 2014 18:16:21 GMT
Server: Apache
Vary: Accept-Encoding
Via: 1.1 api.traitify.com
x-request-id: 62aff4c7-b641-4cba-a317-453cfb045b87
transfer-encoding: chunked
Connection: keep-alive

[{"id":"career-deck","name":"Careers","description":"Personalize work-related sites and applications with Traitify’s Careers Assessment. The Careers deck offers developers rich data points including personality blend, types, traits and matching. Built for users including students, job-seekers, teams, human resources and leadership, Careers data can be used to enrich experiences, drive engagement and build more productive teams and work spaces.","personality_group":"Careers II","slide_count":56,"badges":[{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/action-taker/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/action-taker/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/action-taker/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"ffa466","color_2":"f79b5c","color_3":"ea813b","personality_type":"Action-Taker","description":"'Action-Takers'...are hands-on doers.  They use manual and physical skills, working with technology or machinery to complete tasks.  Often there is an athletic aspect to their work.  They are handy, practical, systematic, applied, and 'down-to-earth.'  They are drawn to jobs that involve a specific skill-set and a concrete task.  They excel at solitary, goal-oriented work and 'getting the job done.'"},{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/analyzer/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/analyzer/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/analyzer/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"81abf7","color_2":"6ea1ea","color_3":"1761ba","personality_type":"Analyzer","description":"'Analyzers'...are inquisitive.  They delve, study and look deeply for information.  They have a keen eye and an experimental nature.  Analyzers use these capacities to figure out problems and search for the facts, often in a laboratory environment.  They excel at going beyond the surface toward uncovering information and discovery."},{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/inventor/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/inventor/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/inventor/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"07c9a4","color_2":"07c9a4","color_3":"26c6a7","personality_type":"Inventor","description":"'Inventors'...are creative.  They take a contemporary, 'out of the box' approach to work and life. Inventors use themselves and other medium, often various forms of the arts, to communicate and interact with the world.  Inventors excel when they are 'lost' in their work, completely engrossed in a project."},{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/mentor/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/mentor/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/mentor/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"f47171","color_2":"ea6c6c","color_3":"e24747","personality_type":"Mentor","description":"'Mentors'...are people-oriented.  They have great communication skills and are most fulfilled when assisting or working directly with others to improve a personal or societal situation.  Mentors are patient and compassionate and work best in a group or on a team toward a common goal.  Mentors excel at working with others to help them learn and grow."},{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/naturalist/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/naturalist/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/naturalist/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"6ad379","color_2":"5bc467","color_3":"317239","personality_type":"Naturalist","description":"'Naturalists'...are attached to the natural world, frequently working with plants and animals in their  environment.  Often nature lovers, they like to experience the world outdoors.  They are committed to preserving and protecting the planet and its natural resources. Serene, earthy, efficient and solid, they excel at working as one with the natural environment."},{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/planner/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/planner/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/planner/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"e9c704","color_2":"e9c704","color_3":"f7d719","personality_type":"Planner","description":"'Planners'...are the detail people.  They are methodical, precise, and detail-oriented.  Planners create systems to follow, and enjoy working with data, detail, words and numbers.  Great at manipulating data, they love procedure and routine.  Often found in office settings, they excel at completing detailed work in an organized manner."},{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/visionary/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/visionary/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/visionary/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"bc7def","color_2":"ac70e5","color_3":"5322a0","personality_type":"Visionary","description":"'Visionaries'...are pioneers.  They are great convincers and like to work with others in a 'take charge' capacity.  They love to take risks, make changes and set trends.  They tend to be   ambitious and energetic.  Visionaries are often in positions of prominence in business and the public eye and excel at taking charge and gaining the confidence of others."}]},{"id":"super-hero","name":"Heroes","description":"Working on recommendations engines or other projects that match individual tastes to products or services? Our Heroes deck allows developers to make recommendations based on science, not assumptions. Retrieve personality blends, types, traits and matching in just minutes. Segment users into distinct audiences to customize messaging, experience, offerings and more.","personality_group":"Super Hero","slide_count":56,"badges":[{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/berserker/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/berserker/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/berserker/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"f9a458","color_2":"ff9022","color_3":"ea750a","personality_type":"Berserker","description":"The Berserker is a hero who uses a combination of high energy and an extreme attitude to be unbeatable in any fight. Berserkers are imposing to their foes, both in their physical might and their impulsive, unpredictable nature. Some may find them erratic, but the Berserker knows this is one of their greatest strengths when facing seemingly insurmountable odds. When it comes to a cause about which they are passionate, know that the Berserker will unleash their inner strength and fight to the very end."},{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/detective/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/detective/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/detective/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"fcd163","color_2":"ffc522","color_3":"e5ab05","personality_type":"Detective","description":"The Detective is a hero focused on uncovering every detail in the pursuit of justice.  Possessing naturally inquisitive minds, Detectives are vigilant and meticulous as they uncover devious plots and schemes. Though it may seem compulsive, their deliberate and direct nature is how they thrive, leaving no stone unturned to uncover the truth.  They see themselves as making the sacrifices others won't, even if it means being left behind to further explore the details of a situation.  The Detective's deliberate and direct nature can be off-putting to some, yet they find themselves having little time for those who do not share their goal of a crime free world."},{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/innovator/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/innovator/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/innovator/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"5deef9","color_2":"1dd7ef","color_3":"00accf","personality_type":"Innovator","description":"The Innovator is a hero who finds new and groundbreaking solutions with which to combat foes.  They are unconventional and eclectic, with a knack for using gadgets to fight their way out of impossible situations. Some may find Innovators too out-of-the-box, but as criminals keep getting smarter, the Innovator strives to keep finding new ways to foil their devious plots.  No matter what challenges stand in their path, Innovators are sure to persevere with a sense of enthusiasm and creativity."},{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/intellectual/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/intellectual/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/intellectual/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"8954d3","color_2":"7939c4","color_3":"5b21ad","personality_type":"Intellectual","description":"The Intellectual is a hero who relies on brain over brawn. Rational and intellectually driven,  Intellectuals are cognitive of all elements of battle and use their superior minds to overcome the forces that oppose them. Practical and reserved, they prefer to spend their time growing in knowledge and using it for the betterment of the world. Those who try to outsmart the Intellectual should beware; they are competitive and will rise to defeat any adversary who claims intellectual superiority."},{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/lonewolf/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/lonewolf/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/lonewolf/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"38ce74","color_2":"20b75d","color_3":"099341","personality_type":"Lonewolf","description":"Lonewolves are heroes who are independent from the crowd.  They prefer to go their own way unless a team is needed to accomplish a goal. Introspective and serious, they use their powers in daring acts of heroism but refuse to take the spotlight for themselves. Despite a hard exterior, those few who get to know the Lonewolf will find a sensitive and self-aware soul who is up to any challenge."},{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/noble/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/noble/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/noble/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"3090e5","color_2":"1977dd","color_3":"0861b2","personality_type":"Noble","description":"The Noble is a hero who is stable and reliable, ready to save the day no matter what the circumstances. Unbending in their belief that good should triumph over evil, this unbreakable conviction allows them to face down even the deadliest of enemies and emerge unscathed.  Nobles are caring and empathic, never willing to turn their back on those in need. While some may view their regulated, strict nature as a fault, they know they will not waver in their fight against evil."},{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/team-player/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/team-player/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/team-player/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"e53838","color_2":"d02424","color_3":"bc1919","personality_type":"Team Player","description":"The Team Player is a hero who bonds the team together with a playful, outgoing nature.  As quick with a joke as they are in a fight, Team Players keep it casual and light-hearted, even when the fate of the world hangs in the balance. They not only prefer to work with a team but develop strong attachments to their teammates. Team Players look to follow a leader who can rally the team to victory, and they will fight loyally, willing to get the job done and face any obstacle that comes their way."}]}]