HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json
Date: Thu, 25 Sep 2014 18:46:34 GMT
Server: Apache
Vary: Accept-Encoding
Via: 1.1 api.traitify.com
x-request-id: 6df418fb-1db4-4ba8-8296-d578ec84da62
transfer-encoding: chunked
Connection: keep-alive

{"personality_blend":{"personality_type_1":{"id":"55071620-bca6-4f15-b466-de8733a834a8","name":"Visionary","description":"'Visionaries'...are pioneers.  They are great convincers and like to work with others in a 'take charge' capacity.  They love to take risks, make changes and set trends.  They tend to be   ambitious and energetic.  Visionaries are often in positions of prominence in business and the public eye and excel at taking charge and gaining the confidence of others.","badge":{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/visionary/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/visionary/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/visionary/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"bc7def","color_2":"ac70e5","color_3":"5322a0"},"keywords":"leading, managing, selling, trend-setting, persuading, competing, moving forward, extroversion","details":[{"title":"Conflict","body":""},{"title":"Complement","body":""},{"title":"Application","body":""}]},"personality_type_2":{"id":"5f36d2be-d06f-4f11-9450-e749e5fc19d6","name":"Analyzer","description":"'Analyzers'...are inquisitive.  They delve, study and look deeply for information.  They have a keen eye and an experimental nature.  Analyzers use these capacities to figure out problems and search for the facts, often in a laboratory environment.  They excel at going beyond the surface toward uncovering information and discovery.","badge":{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/analyzer/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/analyzer/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/analyzer/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"81abf7","color_2":"6ea1ea","color_3":"1761ba"},"keywords":"investigating, solving, researching, delving, examining, discovering, introversion","details":[{"title":"Application","body":""},{"title":"Complement","body":""},{"title":"Conflict","body":""}]},"name":"Visionary/Analyzer","description":"You are drawn to others who share your interest and curiosity in the world.  A natural leader and full of ambition, you're often the one presenting the paper that others have come to hear.  Others look up to you and follow your lead. You are a deep thinker, and you enjoy learning new things.  You also always have a suggestion for something new that you want to check out or learn about, and your friends appreciate getting new ideas from you.  You are happiest when surrounded by other people, and you thrive when you are out in the world.  However, you also enjoy a quiet evening at home with several close friends, full of invigorating discussion and deep thinking.","personality_group":null,"keywords":null,"details":[{"title":"Complement","body":"You like to work with other Analyzers who share your intellectual interests.  You also appreciate working with your Planners because as the person who brings the 'big ideas,' you rely on your Planner colleagues to take care of and remember the details.  You and your Planner coworkers make the perfect team, working in tandem to cover all aspects of a project."},{"title":"Conflict","body":"As a natural leader and a rational person, you are fortunate in that you work well with all types of colleagues.  However, you may find that if there are too many other Visionaries on your team, you get the feeling that there are 'too many cooks in the kitchen.'  This can be frustrating for you and those on your team as they may be confused about whom to follow.\r\nYou may also find that you have to adjust your leadership style for your Action-Taker colleagues.  You tend to think before you act, and your Action-Taker colleagues are just the opposite, sometimes making their work style difficult for you to understand."}],"environments":[{"id":"9be8bcde-ede6-4c2d-91c7-ce5baec62e7e","name":"Allows for independent study and peer collaboration","description":"","personality_type":null,"active":true,"created_at":1409256158085},{"id":"f9c41913-f21c-4b1d-9510-be9944dd6ec2","name":"Requires an academic speciality","description":"","personality_type":null,"active":true,"created_at":1409256158085},{"id":"cb2e44c8-dedf-4b4e-b51b-32c019fdc021","name":"Offers clear opportunities for career advancement","description":"","personality_type":null,"active":true,"created_at":1409256158085},{"id":"81df2280-b4c9-49d4-97f4-faa6a3bdadd1","name":"Is fast-paced","description":"","personality_type":null,"active":true,"created_at":1409256158085}],"famous_people":[]},"personality_types":[{"personality_type":{"id":"55071620-bca6-4f15-b466-de8733a834a8","name":"Visionary","description":"'Visionaries'...are pioneers.  They are great convincers and like to work with others in a 'take charge' capacity.  They love to take risks, make changes and set trends.  They tend to be   ambitious and energetic.  Visionaries are often in positions of prominence in business and the public eye and excel at taking charge and gaining the confidence of others.","badge":{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/visionary/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/visionary/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/visionary/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"bc7def","color_2":"ac70e5","color_3":"5322a0"},"keywords":"leading, managing, selling, trend-setting, persuading, competing, moving forward, extroversion","details":[{"title":"Conflict","body":""},{"title":"Complement","body":""},{"title":"Application","body":""}]},"score":100.0},{"personality_type":{"id":"5f36d2be-d06f-4f11-9450-e749e5fc19d6","name":"Analyzer","description":"'Analyzers'...are inquisitive.  They delve, study and look deeply for information.  They have a keen eye and an experimental nature.  Analyzers use these capacities to figure out problems and search for the facts, often in a laboratory environment.  They excel at going beyond the surface toward uncovering information and discovery.","badge":{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/analyzer/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/analyzer/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/analyzer/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"81abf7","color_2":"6ea1ea","color_3":"1761ba"},"keywords":"investigating, solving, researching, delving, examining, discovering, introversion","details":[{"title":"Conflict","body":""},{"title":"Application","body":""},{"title":"Complement","body":""}]},"score":100.0},{"personality_type":{"id":"3f715970-6fff-4852-853f-ce3dc9291b32","name":"Action-Taker","description":"'Action-Takers'...are hands-on doers.  They use manual and physical skills, working with technology or machinery to complete tasks.  Often there is an athletic aspect to their work.  They are handy, practical, systematic, applied, and 'down-to-earth.'  They are drawn to jobs that involve a specific skill-set and a concrete task.  They excel at solitary, goal-oriented work and 'getting the job done.'","badge":{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/action-taker/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/action-taker/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/action-taker/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"ffa466","color_2":"f79b5c","color_3":"ea813b"},"keywords":"goal-setting, accomplishing, tinkering, doing, fixing, using tools/machines, hands-on, physical, concrete tasks","details":[{"title":"Conflict","body":""},{"title":"Application","body":""},{"title":"Complement","body":""}]},"score":100.0},{"personality_type":{"id":"b397ab57-b128-47d6-ac2c-46f5574107b2","name":"Naturalist","description":"'Naturalists'...are attached to the natural world, frequently working with plants and animals in their  environment.  Often nature lovers, they like to experience the world outdoors.  They are committed to preserving and protecting the planet and its natural resources. Serene, earthy, efficient and solid, they excel at working as one with the natural environment.","badge":{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/naturalist/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/naturalist/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/naturalist/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"6ad379","color_2":"5bc467","color_3":"317239"},"keywords":"sustaining, preserving, conserving, maintaining, improving, working outdoors, communing with the natural world","details":[{"title":"Complement","body":""},{"title":"Conflict","body":""},{"title":"Application","body":""}]},"score":100.0},{"personality_type":{"id":"a88cd7e9-11b7-4a5c-b190-4b343e30344c","name":"Mentor","description":"'Mentors'...are people-oriented.  They have great communication skills and are most fulfilled when assisting or working directly with others to improve a personal or societal situation.  Mentors are patient and compassionate and work best in a group or on a team toward a common goal.  Mentors excel at working with others to help them learn and grow.","badge":{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/mentor/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/mentor/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/mentor/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"f47171","color_2":"ea6c6c","color_3":"e24747"},"keywords":"helping, assisting, teaching, caring, interacting, improving (situations/lives), working as a team, having a greater goal","details":[{"title":"Application","body":""},{"title":"Complement","body":""},{"title":"Conflict","body":""}]},"score":100.0},{"personality_type":{"id":"c47d1d99-8f08-44a7-acee-9047732aee29","name":"Planner","description":"'Planners'...are the detail people.  They are methodical, precise, and detail-oriented.  Planners create systems to follow, and enjoy working with data, detail, words and numbers.  Great at manipulating data, they love procedure and routine.  Often found in office settings, they excel at completing detailed work in an organized manner.","badge":{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/planner/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/planner/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/planner/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"e9c704","color_2":"e9c704","color_3":"f7d719"},"keywords":"planning, organizing, keeping order, perfecting, filing, working with numbers","details":[{"title":"Complement","body":""},{"title":"Conflict","body":""},{"title":"Application","body":""}]},"score":100.0},{"personality_type":{"id":"eed19717-2014-48ec-b520-bb71f96ebc78","name":"Inventor","description":"'Inventors'...are creative.  They take a contemporary, 'out of the box' approach to work and life. Inventors use themselves and other medium, often various forms of the arts, to communicate and interact with the world.  Inventors excel when they are 'lost' in their work, completely engrossed in a project.","badge":{"image_small":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/inventor/flat/small","image_medium":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/inventor/flat/medium","image_large":"https://traitify-api.s3.amazonaws.com/badges/inventor/flat/large","font_color":"fff","color_1":"07c9a4","color_2":"07c9a4","color_3":"26c6a7"},"keywords":"creating, expressing, innovating, inventing, entertaining, expanding art","details":[{"title":"Complement","body":""},{"title":"Conflict","body":""},{"title":"Application","body":""}]},"score":100.0}]}